doc: nrf: drivers: Add TX power calculation (#19009)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/wifi/nrf70_native.rst

   };

See the DTS binding documentation for more information.

TX power calculation
********************

The driver will always attempt to set the TX power to the maximum supported level, while ensuring the following constraints:

* EVM and SEM for the modulation type/datarate are satisfied (IEEE 802.11 requirement).

> * In band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In-band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).
```

> * Out of band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Out-of-band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).
```

TX power is calculated as follows:

> TX Power = min ((P\ :sub:`reg`\  - ``ANT_GAIN``), P\ :sub:`max`\) - ``EDGE_BACKOFF``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TX power = min ((P\ :sub:`reg`\  - ``ANT_GAIN``), P\ :sub:`max`\) - ``EDGE_BACKOFF``
```

   };

See the DTS binding documentation for more information.

TX power calculation
********************

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest to add some intro text about transmit power before line 125, like: 
"This section describes how to determine the accurate transmit (TX) power on the nRF70 Series development platforms."

Author: Added suggested section intro text.

The driver will always attempt to set the TX power to the maximum supported level, while ensuring the following constraints:

> * EVM and SEM for the modulation type/datarate are satisfied (IEEE 802.11 requirement).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* EVM and Spectrum Emission Mask (SEM) for the modulation type or data rate (IEEE 802.11 requirement).
```

> * In-band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).
> * Out-of-band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In-band regulatory power limits (FCC and CE certification requirements).
* Out-of-band regulatory power limits (FCC and CE certification requirements).
```

> TX power is calculated as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can calculate the TX power by using the following formula:
```

.. math::
   \begin{aligned}
   \text{TX power} = \min \left( (P_{\text{reg}} - \text{AntGain}), P_{\text{max}} \right) - \text{EdgeBackoff}
   \end{aligned}

> where the following parameters are used:
> 
>    *  :math:`P_\text{reg}` is the applicable regulatory power limit, described here :ref:`ug_nrf70_developing_regulatory_support`.
>    *  ``AntGain`` is the compensation for the antenna gain in the TX direction, described here `Antenna gain compensation`_.
>    *  :math:`P_\text{max} = min (P_\text{ps} , P_\text{max-tx-pwr})`
>    *  ``EdgeBackoff`` is the backoff applied to band edge channels, described here `Band edge compensation`_.
>    *  :math:`P_\text{ps}`  is the maximum power level for the package type, modulation and band as described here `Electrical specification for nRF7002`_.
>    *  :math:`P_\text{max-tx-pwr}` is the sub-band power limit, dependent on the PCB design.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where the following parameters are used:

*  :math:`P_\text{reg}` is the applicable regulatory power limit, as described in :ref:`ug_nrf70_developing_regulatory_support`.
*  ``AntGain`` is the compensation for the antenna gain in the TX direction, as described in `Antenna gain compensation`_.
*  :math:`P_\text{max} = min (P_\text{ps} , P_\text{max-tx-pwr})`
*  ``EdgeBackoff`` is the backoff applied to band edge channels, as described in `Band edge compensation`_.
*  :math:`P_\text{ps}`  is the maximum power level for the package type, modulation, and band as described in `Electrical specification for nRF7002`_.
*  :math:`P_\text{max-tx-pwr}` is the sub-band power limit, dependent on the PCB design.
```

   };

See the DTS binding documentation for more information.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. _nrf70_wifi_tx_power_calculation:

```

TX power calculation
********************

This section describes how to determine the accurate transmit (TX) power on the nRF70 Series development platforms.

> The driver will always attempt to set the TX power to the maximum supported level, while ensuring the following constraints:
> 
> * EVM and Spectral Emission Mask (SEM) for the modulation type or data rate are satisfied (IEEE 802.11 requirement).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The driver will always attempt to set the TX power to the maximum supported level, while ensuring the following constraints are met:

* EVM and Spectral Emission Mask (SEM) for the modulation type or data rate (IEEE 802.11 requirement).
```

* EVM and SEM for the modulation type/datarate are satisfied (IEEE 802.11 requirement).
* In band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).
* Out of band regulatory power limits are satisfied (FCC / CE requirements).

TX power is calculated as follows:

TX Power = min ((P\ :sub:`reg`\  - ``ANT_GAIN``), P\ :sub:`max`\) - ``EDGE_BACKOFF``

P\ :sub:`max`\  = min (P\ :sub:`ps`\  , P\ :sub:`max-tx-pwr`\)

   where the following parameters are used:

   * P\ :sub:`reg`\  is the applicable regulatory power limit, described here :ref:`ug_nrf70_developing_regulatory_support`.
   * ``ANT_GAIN`` is the compensation for the antenna gain in the TX direction, described here `Antenna gain compensation`_.
   * ``EDGE_BACKOFF`` is the backoff applied to band edge channels, described here `Band edge compensation`_.
   * P\ :sub:`ps`\  is the maximum power level for the package type, modulation and band as described here `Electrical specification for nRF7002`_.
   * P\ :sub:`max-tx-pwr`\  is the sub-band power limit, dependent on the PCB design.

.. note::

   The behavior described above applies when using the system driver or radio test with default TX power.

>    (i.e. tx_power command not issued).

Reviewer 3: This is a bit misleading that these rules aren't applied to custom TX powers, does that mean for custom TX powers no regulatory rules are enforces?
